DOC serialization and processes (#803)
joblib/joblib: doc/parallel.rst

(when done in a library) as it does not make it possible to override that
choice with the ``parallel_backend`` context manager.

.. _serialization_and_processes:

Serialization & Processes
=========================

To share function definition across multiple python processes, it is necessary to rely on a serialization protocol. The standard protocol in python is :mod:`pickle` but its default implementation in the standard library has several limitations. For instance, it cannot serialize functions which are defined interactively or in the :code:`__main__` module.

> To avoid this limitation, the ``loky`` backend now relies on |cloudpickle| to serialize python objects. |cloudpickle| is a fork of the pickle protocol which allows the serialization of a greater number of objects, in particular interactively defined functions. So for most usages, the loky ``backend`` should work seamlessly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid this limitation, the ``loky`` backend now relies on |cloudpickle| to serialize python objects. |cloudpickle| is an alternative implementation of the pickle protocol which allows the serialization of a greater number of objects, in particular interactively defined functions. So for most usages, the loky ``backend`` should work seamlessly.
```
